OSDOCS-12754:Restructuring PSC creating a cluster guide to overview one (#85847)
openshift/openshift-docs: osd_install_access_delete_cluster/creating-a-gcp-psc-enabled-private-cluster.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="creating-a-gcp-psc-enabled-private-cluster"]
= Private Service Connect overview
include::_attributes/attributes-openshift-dedicated.adoc[]
:context: osd-creating-a-gcp-psc-enabled-private-cluster

toc::[]
You can create a private {product-title} cluster on {GCP} using Google Cloud's security-enhanced networking feature Private Service Connect (PSC).

include::modules/osd-understanding-private-service-connect.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/private-service-connect-psc-architecture.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/private-service-connect-prereqs.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[id="additional-resources-psc_{context}"]
== Additional resources
* For information about {product-title} on {GCP} cluster prerequisites, see xref:../osd_planning/gcp-ccs.adoc#ccs-gcp-customer-requirements_gcp-ccs[Customer Requirements].

* For information about configuring your firewalls, see xref:../osd_planning/gcp-ccs.adoc#osd-gcp-psc-firewall-prerequisites_gcp-ccs[GCP firewall prerequisites].

> * For information about creating an {product-title} on {GCP} using PSC and Workload Identity Federation, see

Reviewer: Does this need to be say ..."using PSC with Workload Identity Federation..." maybe?

> * For information about creating an {product-title} on {GCP} using PSC and Workload Identity Federation, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For information about creating an {product-title} on {GCP} using PSC with the Workload Identity Federation authentication type, see
```
